GH#55397 Updated 4.8 to 4.10 references to 4.10 to 4.12 for EUS updates (#55762)
openshift/openshift-docs: updating/preparing-eus-eus-upgrade.adoc

However, beginning with the update from {product-title} 4.10 to 4.11 to 4.12, administrators who wish to update between two Extended Update Support (EUS) versions can do so incurring only a single reboot of non-control plane hosts.

There are a number of caveats to consider when attempting an EUS-to-EUS update.

* EUS-to-EUS updates are only offered after updates between all versions involved have been made available in `stable` channels.
* If you encounter issues during or after upgrading to the odd-numbered minor version but before upgrading to the next even-numbered version, then remediation of those issues may require that non-control plane hosts complete the update to the odd-numbered version before moving forward.
* You can do a partial update by updating the worker or custom pool nodes to accommodate the time it takes for maintenance.
* You can complete the update process during multiple maintenance windows by pausing at intermediate steps. However, plan to complete the entire update within 60 days. This is critical to ensure that normal cluster automation processes are completed including those associated with certificate rotation.

> * You must be running at least {product-title} 4.10.14 before starting the EUS-to-EUS update procedure. If you do not meet this minimum requirement, update to a later 4.10.z before attempting the EUS-to-EUS update.

Reviewer: Same comment as above - check if this is still relevant for 4.12

Author: @petr-muller @wking what do y'all think? :)

Author: removed per @wking 's comment :)

> * Support for RHEL7 workers was removed in {product-title} 4.10 and replaced with RHEL8 workers, therefore EUS-to-EUS updates are not available for clusters with RHEL7 workers.

Reviewer: This line might not be applicable anymore either

Author: @petr-muller @wking what do y'all think?

Author: removed per @wking 's comment :)

However, beginning with the update from {product-title} 4.10 to 4.11 to 4.12, administrators who wish to update between two Extended Update Support (EUS) versions can do so incurring only a single reboot of non-control plane hosts.

There are a number of caveats to consider when attempting an EUS-to-EUS update.

* EUS-to-EUS updates are only offered after updates between all versions involved have been made available in `stable` channels.
* If you encounter issues during or after upgrading to the odd-numbered minor version but before upgrading to the next even-numbered version, then remediation of those issues may require that non-control plane hosts complete the update to the odd-numbered version before moving forward.
* You can do a partial update by updating the worker or custom pool nodes to accommodate the time it takes for maintenance.
* You can complete the update process during multiple maintenance windows by pausing at intermediate steps. However, plan to complete the entire update within 60 days. This is critical to ensure that normal cluster automation processes are completed including those associated with certificate rotation.

> * Support for RHEL7 workers was removed in OpenShift Container Platform 4.10 and replaced with RHEL8 workers, therefore EUS-to-EUS updates are not available for clusters with RHEL7 workers. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Support for RHEL7 workers was removed in {product-title} 4.10 and replaced with RHEL8 workers, therefore EUS-to-EUS updates are not available for clusters with RHEL7 workers. 
```

Reviewer 2: Make sure there's no "OpenShift Container Platform" spelled out. Its always {product-title}. Applies also below.

Author: thanks so much! will update :)
